## AbiEventParametersDataToPrimative
Sames as `AbiParametersToPrimative` but for event parameter types.

### Signature

```zig
pub fn AbiEventParametersDataToPrimative(comptime paramters: []const AbiEventParameter) type
```

## AbiEventParameterDataToPrimative
Sames as `AbiParameterToPrimative` but for event parameter types.

### Signature

```zig
pub fn AbiEventParameterDataToPrimative(comptime param: AbiEventParameter) type
```

## AbiEventParametersToPrimativeType
Convert sets of solidity ABI Event indexed parameters to the representing Zig types.
This will create a tuple type of the subset of the resulting types
generated by `AbiEventParameterToPrimativeType`. If the paramters length is
O then the resulting type a tuple of just the Hash type.

### Signature

```zig
pub fn AbiEventParametersToPrimativeType(comptime event_params: []const AbiEventParameter) type
```

## AbiEventParameterToPrimativeType
Converts the abi event parameters into native zig types
This is intended to be used for log topic data or in
other words were the params are indexed.

### Signature

```zig
pub fn AbiEventParameterToPrimativeType(comptime param: AbiEventParameter) type
```

## AbiParametersToPrimative
Convert sets of solidity ABI paramters to the representing Zig types.
This will create a tuple type of the subset of the resulting types
generated by `AbiParameterToPrimative`. If the paramters length is
O then the resulting type will be a void type.

### Signature

```zig
pub fn AbiParametersToPrimative(comptime paramters: []const AbiParameter) type
```

## AbiParameterToPrimative
Convert solidity ABI paramter to the representing Zig types.

The resulting type will depend on the parameter passed in.
`string, fixed/bytes and addresses` will result in the zig **string** type.

For the `int/uint` type the resulting type will depend on the values attached to them.
**If the value is not divisable by 8 or higher than 256 compilation will fail.**
For example `ParamType{.int = 120}` will result in the **i120** type.

If the param is a `dynamicArray` then the resulting type will be
a **slice** of the set of base types set above.

If the param type is a `fixedArray` then the a **array** is returned
with its size depending on the *size* property on it.

Finally for tuple type a **struct** will be created where the field names are property names
that the components array field has. If this field is null compilation will fail.

### Signature

```zig
pub fn AbiParameterToPrimative(comptime param: AbiParameter) type
```

